docs: add ability to use headers to print query plans (#2804)
apollographql/federation: docs/source/query-plans.mdx

    * Note that you must [register your federated graph](./managed-federation/setup/) with GraphOS to view query plans in the Explorer.
* As direct output from the `@apollo/gateway` library (see below)

### Outputting query plans with headers

> In the latest versions of Apollo Router and Gateway you can pass the following headers to return the query plans in the response extensions:

Reviewer: Could you please specify the versions to keep this more evergreen?

Author: Updated!

> ### Outputting query plans with headers
> In the Apollo Router v0.16.0+ and Apollo Gateway v2.5.4+, you can pass the following headers to return the query plans in the GraphQL response extensions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Outputting query plans with headers

With [the Apollo Router](/router/) `v0.16.0+` and [`@apollo/gateway`](/apollo-server/using-federation/api/apollo-gateway/) `v2.5.4+`, you can pass the following headers to return the query plans in the GraphQL response extensions:
```

> * Sending `Apollo-Query-Plan-Experimental` will return the query plan in the response extensions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Including the `Apollo-Query-Plan-Experimental` header returns the query plan in the response extensions
```

> * Sending `Apollo-Query-Plan-Experimental-Format` with one of the supported options will change the format:

Reviewer: Is this one or the other, or most users pass both headers to select a format? Could you please add a <Note> below to clarify?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Sending `Apollo-Query-Plan-Experimental-Format` with one of the supported options changes the output format:
```

>   * A value of `prettified` will return the human readable formatted string  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * A value of `prettified` returns a human-readable string  of the query plan
```

>   * A value of `internal` will return the JSON representation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * A value of `internal` returns a JSON representation of the query plan
```

    * Note that you must [register your federated graph](./managed-federation/setup/) with GraphOS to view query plans in the Explorer.
* As direct output from the `@apollo/gateway` library (see below)

### Outputting query plans with headers

With [the Apollo Router](/router/) `v0.16.0+` and [`@apollo/gateway`](/apollo-server/using-federation/api/apollo-gateway/) `v2.5.4+`, you can pass the following headers to return the query plans in the GraphQL response extensions:

* Including the `Apollo-Query-Plan-Experimental` header returns the query plan in the response extensions

> * Additonally, including `Apollo-Query-Plan-Experimental-Format` with one of the supported options changes the output format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Additionally including the `Apollo-Query-Plan-Experimental-Format` header with one of the supported options changes the output format:
```
